feat(K8s): Added changes for gather info related to v2 (#17994)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/k8s-version2/troubleshooting.mdx

---
title: Kubernetes integration errors v2
type: troubleshooting
tags:
    - Integrations
    - Kubernetes integration
    - Troubleshooting
metaDescription: 'Some of the more common error messages found in the infrastructure agent logs for New Relic Kubernetes integration v2.'
freshnessValidatedDate: 2024-07-22
---

> Check out some solutions to the most common Kubernetes integration errors in version 2. These errors show up in the standard non-verbose infrastructure agent logs. If you need more detailed logs working with New Relic support, for example, see [Kubernetes logs](/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/troubleshooting/get-logs-version/).

Reviewer: I would rework this intro. For example, instead of "check out some solutions", summarize what's changed from version 1 to version 2, and explain more why they would need to go to that Kubernetes logs doc you referenced (it's unclear what "if you need more detailed logs working with support" means).

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="unable-find-kube-state-metrics-v2"
    title="Failed to discover kube-state-metrics"
  >

>     The Kubernetes integration requires `kube-state-metrics`. If that is not found, you will see an error like the following in the newrelic-infra container logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Kubernetes integration requires `kube-state-metrics`. If this is missing, you'll see an error like the following in the `newrelic-infra` container logs:
```

    The Kubernetes integration automatically discovers `kube-state-metrics` in your cluster using this logic:

    1. It looks for a `kube-state-metrics` service running on the `kube-system` namespace.
    2. If that is not found, it looks for a service tagged with label `"k8s-app: kube-state-metrics"`.

    The integration also requires the kube-state-metrics pod to have the label `k8s-app: kube-state-metrics` or `app: kube-state-metrics`. If neither of those are found, there will be a log entry like the following:

    ```shell
    2018-04-11T09:25:00.825532798Z time="2018-04-11T09:25:00Z" level=error 
    msg="executing data source" data prefix="integration/com.newrelic.kubernetes" 
    error="exit status 1" plugin name=nri-kubernetes stderr="time=\"2018-04-11T09:25:00Z\" 
    level=fatal msg=\"failed to discover nodeIP with kube-state-metrics, 
    got error: no pod found by label k8s-app=kube-state-metrics\"\n
    ```

    To solve this issue, add the `k8s-app=kube-state-metrics` label to the `kube-state-metrics` pod.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="metrics-missing"
    title="Missing metrics for Namespaces, Deployments, and ReplicaSets"
  >

>     If metrics for Kubernetes nodes, pods, and containers are showing but metrics for namespaces, deployments and `ReplicaSets` are missing, the Kubernetes integration is not able to connect to `kube-state-metrics`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If metrics for Kubernetes nodes, pods, and containers are showing, but metrics for namespaces, deployments, and `ReplicaSets` are missing, the Kubernetes integration is not able to connect to `kube-state-metrics`.
```

Author: Done.

    <CollapserGroup>
      <Collapser
        id="indicators"
        title="Indicators of missing data"
      >
        Indicators of missing namespace, deployment, and `ReplicaSet` data:

        * In the <DNT>**# of K8s objects**</DNT> chart, that data is missing.
        * Queries for `K8sNamespaceSample`, `K8sDeploymentSample`, and `K8sReplicasetSample` don't show any data.
      </Collapser>
    </CollapserGroup>

    There are few possible reasons for this:

>     1. `kube-state-metrics` service has been customized to listen on port 80. If that is the case, you may see an error like the following in the `verbose` logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. `kube-state-metrics` service has been customized to listen on port 80. If you're using a different port, you may see an error like the following in the `verbose` logs:
```

Author: Done.

       ```shell
       time="2018-04-04T09:35:47Z" level=error msg="executing data source" 
       data prefix="integration/com.newrelic.kubernetes" error="exit status 1" 
       plugin name=nri-kubernetes stderr="time=\"2018-04-04T09:35:47Z\" 
       level=fatal msg=\"Non-recoverable error group: error querying KSM. 
       Get http://kube-state-metrics.kube-system.svc.cluster.local:0/metrics: 
       net/http: request canceled while waiting for connection (Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers)\"\n"
       ```

>        This is a known problem that happens in some clusters where it takes too much time for `kube-state-metrics` to collect all the cluster's information before sending to the integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       This is a known problem, where some clusters where it takes too much time for `kube-state-metrics` to collect all the cluster's information before sending to the integration.
```

Author: I've rewritten this one to avoid the repetition of `where`. How about this?
`This is a known issue where some clusters take too much time for `kube-state-metrics` to collect all the cluster information before sending it to the integration.`

       As a workaround, [increase the kube-state-metrics client timeout](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/kubernetes-installation-configuration#kube-state-metrics-timeout-change).

>     2. `kube-state-metrics` instance is running behind kube-rbac-proxy. New Relic does not currently support this configuration. You may see an error like the following in the `verbose` logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    2. `kube-state-metrics` instance is running behind `kube-rbac-proxy`. New Relic does not currently support this configuration. You may see an error like the following in the `verbose` logs:
```

    ```shell
    time=\"2018-05-31T10:55:39Z\" level=panic msg=\"p
    ods is forbidden: User \\\"system:serviceaccount:kube-system:newrelic\\\" cannot list pods at the cluster scope\"
    ```

    To check to see if this is the case, run:

    ```shell
    kubectl describe serviceaccount newrelic | grep Namespace
    kubectl get pods -l name=newrelic-infra --all-namespaces
    kubectl config get-contexts
    ```

    To resolve this problem, change the namespace for the service account in the New Relic `DaemonSet` YAML file to be the same as the namespace for the current context:

    ```yaml
    - kind: ServiceAccount
      name: newrelic
      namespace: default
    ---
    ```
  </Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

## Not seeing control plane data [#control-plane-data]

<CollapserGroup>
  <Collapser
    id="invalid-license"
    title="Check that the master nodes have the correct labels"
  >
    Execute the following commands to manually find the master nodes:

    ```shell
    kubectl get nodes -l node-role.kubernetes.io/master=""
    ```

    ```shell
    kubectl get nodes -l kubernetes.io/role="master"
    ```

>     If the master nodes follow the labeling convention defined in the [discovery of master nodes and control plane components documentation section](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/configure-control-plane-monitoring#discover-nodes-components), you should get some output like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If the master nodes follow the labeling convention defined in [Discover node components](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/configure-control-plane-monitoring#discover-nodes-components), you should get some output like:
```

    ```shell
    NAME                         STATUS  ROLES   AGE   VERSION
    ip-10-42-24-4.ec2.internal   Ready   master  42d   v1.14.8
    ```

    If no nodes are found, there are two scenarios:

>     Your master nodes don't have the required labels that identify them as masters, in this case you need to add both labels to your master nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Your master nodes don't have the required labels that identify them as masters. In this case, you need to add both labels to your master nodes.
```

>     You're in a managed cluster and your provider is handling the master nodes for you. In this case there is nothing you can do, since your provider is limiting the access to those nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You're in a managed cluster and your provider is handling the master nodes for you. In this case, there is nothing you can do since your provider is limiting the access to those nodes.
```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="unable-connect"
    title="Check that the integration is running on the master nodes"
  >

>     Replace the placeholder in the following command with one of the node names returned in the previous step to get an integration pod running on a master node:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To identify an integration pod running on a master node, replace `NODE_NAME` in the following command with one of the node names listed in the previous step:
```

    ```shell
    kubectl get pods --field-selector spec.nodeName=NODE_NAME -l name=newrelic-infra --all-namespaces
    ```

>     The next command is the same, just that it selects the node for you:

Reviewer: This phrasing is confusing. Should this be an either/or with the previous command, like you can use one of the following commands depending on your needs?

    ```shell
    kubectl get pods -l k8s-app=kube-apiserver --all-namespaces
    ```

    If there is component with the given label you should see something like:

    ```shell
    NAMESPACE    NAME                                        READY  STATUS   RESTARTS  AGE
    kube-system  kube-apiserver-ip-10-42-24-42.ec2.internal  1/1    Running  3         49d
    ```

    The same should be done with the rest of the components:

    ```shell
    kubectl get pods -l k8s-app=etcd-manager-main --all-namespaces
    ```

    ```shell
    kubectl get pods -l k8s-app=kube-scheduler --all-namespaces
    ```

    ```shell
    kubectl get pods -l k8s-app=kube-kube-controller-manager --all-namespaces
    ```
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="cannot-list-pods-for-cluster"
    title="Retrieve the verbose logs of one of the integrations running on a master node and check for the control plane components jobs"
  >

>     To retrieve the logs, follow the instructions on [get logs from pod running on a master node](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/troubleshooting/get-logs-version). The integration logs for every component the following message _“Running job: COMPONENT_NAME”_. Ex:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To retrieve the logs, follow the instructions on [get logs from pod running on a master node](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/troubleshooting/get-logs-version). The integration logs for every component the following message `Running job: COMPONENT_NAME`. For example:
```

Author: Done.

    ```shell
    Running job: scheduler
    ```

    ```shell
    Running job: etcd
    ```

    ```shell
    Running job: controller-manager
    ```

    ```shell
    Running job: api-server
    ```

>     If you didn't specify the `ETCD_TLS_SECRET_NAME` configuration option you'll find the following message in the logs:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you didn't specify the `ETCD_TLS_SECRET_NAME` configuration option, you'll find the following message in the logs:
```

Author: Done.

    ```shell
    Skipping job creation for component etcd: etcd requires TLS configuration, none given
    ```

>     If any error occurs while querying the metrics of any component it will be logged after the `Running job` message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If any error occurs while querying the metrics of any component, it will be logged after the `Running job` message.
```

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    id="cannot-list-pods-for-cluster"
    title="Manually query the metrics of the components"
  >

>     Refer to the [discovery of master nodes and control plane components documentation section](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/configure-control-plane-monitoring#discover-nodes-components) to get the endpoint of the control plane component you want to query. With the endpoint we can use the integration pod that’s running on the same node as the component to query. The following are examples on how to query the Kubernetes scheduler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     To get the endpoint of the control plane component you want to query, refer to [Discover nodes components](/docs/integrations/kubernetes-integration/installation/configure-control-plane-monitoring#discover-nodes-components). With the endpoint, you can use the integration pod that’s running on the same node as the component to query. The following are examples on how to query the Kubernetes scheduler:
```

    ```shell
    kubectl exec -ti POD_NAME -- wget -O - localhost:10251/metrics
    ```

    The following command does the same, but also chooses the pod for you:

    ```shell
    kubectl exec -ti $(kubectl get pods --all-namespaces --field-selector spec.nodeName=$(kubectl get nodes -l node-role.kubernetes.io/master="" -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}") -l name=newrelic-infra -o jsonpath="{.items[0].metadata.name}") -- wget -O - localhost:10251/metrics
    ```

>     If everything is correct you should get some metrics on the Prometheus format, something like:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If everything is correct, you should get some metrics on the Prometheus format, something like:
```
